We began to hear a lot of noise outside.
When I came out, I saw volcano fire.
I saw many people running.
I was the only grown-up at home at the time.
I was very afraid because it was my first time seeing such a disaster.
Before the war, we had many things.
But it became worse in July 2017.
So we left, and our goods were destroyed.
When we heard that there would be war at our village, people were very afraid.
We didn't take many things, and we went to Uganda.
In the morning, we were informed that our house was among the houses destroyed by the volcano.
This news affected us very much because when we left, we took nothing.
So we lost everything.
When we were running away,
my father said that we must go to the beach to look for a boat.
He was on a motorbike.
He had an accident, and he was wounded.
That wound made him suffer for a time.
And that led to his death.
We fled from Bukwa to Búnia.
Búnia is very far from Bukwa.
We were very afraid because in Búnia, we didn't have a field, and we didn't have a house.
So we wondered how will we live in Búnia.
The way present sisters helped me strengthened my faith.
That strong faith made me joyful.
When we came back to Congo, I continued studying until I got baptized.
Jehovah's organization did much, very much for us.
First, they took care of us spiritually and physically.
And second, they gave us a place to live, a home.
Because of that, I am so thankful to Jehovah.
What helped at that period of time was the thought we find at Psalm 46, 1 and 2.
That scripture shows that God is our refuge.
So we have nothing to fear, even though the world changes.
And even though the mountain topples to the depths of the sea, we cannot fear.
And I saw the fulfillment of that scripture in my life.
Even though I had difficult circumstances in my life, I cannot give up.
I will serve Jehovah for all my life.
Now I'm feeling very well.
I am very happy to be in Jehovah's organization.
I'm determined to serve Jehovah all my days and to keep my integrity.
I decided to show Jehovah the same love and happiness shown to me.
Now I'm a regular pioneer.
Now I'm an auxiliary pioneer.
Now I'm a regular pioneer and a ministerial servant in our congregation.
I also work as a remote volunteer for Bethel.